And everyone.
So let's move on to the next problem, which is the Q and.
By doing this problem, articulate will understand.
Let me explain this.
So I'll be solving this problem in two parts.
This is kind of according to me that one of the most confusing problems in ordinary programming, of
course, in this tutorial series.
So to avoid that confusion, we will try and solve this problem by taking two different solutions.
We will have two different, different solutions of solving this problem.
Eight will solve this problem using two different dynamic programming approaches.
So what we'll do is we'll have a couple of.
BP states, they too will have our be something, we'll be representing something, and then we'll have
another deep state which will bring in something else and we'll see how both the solutions work.
It means how there are different approaches to solve the same problem.
Will this positivity rate solve it?
And then we'll move forward.
The problem statement is that Thoreau and Jiro will play the following game against each other.
Initially, they are given a sequence until.
Of course, we have an area which has a land of 3000 until it becomes empty.
The two police perform the following operation.
Alternatively eight starting from tomorrow.
So tomorrow is the facility.
And then Jesus apparently removed the element at the beginning, ordered the end of the player.
Owens explains their excuse to remove the element.
So that means I have an ATM at the picking element from the front or the end.
And when that element is removed, the RSA strings shrinks by eight.
So the NSA uses has been reduced by one.
So I am picking an element from first or the last and I have the remaining at it.
And then the other operations are being performed on the remaining area.
Once an element removed, it is removed completely, permanently.
I won't be removing any element again.
Assuming that the two players play optimally, find the resulting value of x minus.
But oops, I missed the statement.
Let X and y be throwing zeros.
Total score at the end of the game.
What is happening?
They are picking elements one by one.
Alternatively.
And these are the.
This is a total score at the end of the game for tomorrow.
And why would you characterize to maximize X minus weight by 0120 tries to minimize x minus way.
Basically, Thorne's daughter wants to maximize the x minus way and zero tries to minimize X minus five.
So just assuming the duplicates fully, optimally, find the results resulting value of x minus five.
So.
Of course, kind of a little tricky problem.
But yes, let's start with the examples and then we will solve it with different, different ways.
A.
Yeah.
So the first example is this NATO 1930.
Let me.
That's what I did.
Or do we have we have an 8090.
30.
So it's not Ocean's Eight and this is the attic.
What can you do to throw us two options?
Either he can pick up the first element from the area and that is ten.
Let's say he picks up ten.
Eight.
So if he picks up ten, so it is ten plus what?
Not plus three.
So let's not eight plus or minus.
Let's just understand what the problem is.
So Justin and then it being 1930 ordered this.
He picks up three from then and the remaining eddies.
It being 90.
Eight afterwards means these are two different ways you can do both.
The next is.
From this note, this second place, languages, gyro or gyro or whatever it is, he picks up 80, and
now the remaining at it is.
1930, 1930 as always, except 30.
Then it is 80 or 90, and again it will be that Ocean's Eight.
Look, whenever I tried to do, I tried to solve it.
Any programming problem, I try to start with the minimum cases as possible.
A case for one, case for two, case for three.
Then and then see that.
How are the things building up?
And then I'm able to write a whole recursive solution.
They.
So again, if he took the stand and it is 1890.
And he chooses 90, then it is anti-rape.
And similarly, guys, we can choose anyone from these couples and the other one will be chosen by the
next player.
Eight.
The total score for tomorrow will be X and the total score for Jairo will be white.
And.
Wants to maximize x minus y while giro wants to minimize x minus eight.
This is kind of a different way of saying the main purpose of this problem.
If Tara wants to maximize X minus Y, the insert can say that he wants to maximize X and minimize the
way to think about it.
If he wants to maximize X minus y eight, that means he wants to maximize x.
That means as much as possible, while at the same time trying to minimize way.
Eight similarly days for Giro.
If Giro wants to minimise x minus y then.
Can we say that Gyro wants to maximize weight and minimize x, then only x minus y will be minimized.
Eight.
So it's kind of a different way of seeing it that they want their scores to be maximum possible.
So basically what I mean to say is the group wants to.
Wants to maximize.
X by giro wants to.
Also maximize.
But kind of both of them are trying to maximize their own schools.
Right.
Not always trying to maximize x y gyros, trying to maximize y.
I hope you got this.
Now, let's see.
Let's see if Tara wants to maximize X.
Why would he want to minimize Y?
It's not needed there.
Misunderstand misunderstandings.
Let's see.
We know.
What will be expressways expressway in the end.
Everyone is speaking an element at the from the first order then and then what will happen?
The error will become empty.
All the elements have been picked up.
All the elements will be either picked by Taro or Jado.
That means explosives should be equal to sum of all the values of the edit.
I hope you got this straight.
What does this mean?
Is that expert advice constant?
Because some of the values of the is constant hate.
So if.
So what is?
Yeah.
So if X plus y is constant, that means if I if God is trying to maximize x, that means y will automatically
be minimum possible.
Right.
Because explains why is constant h.
I do.
Okay.
Let me give you another example.
Let's let's talk about X and do it X into it.
And I enter texting device constant.
I'm trying to maximize x stop by will automatically be minimum possible, right.
Because X and y is a constant value.
Eight Similarly, let's talk about x plus five.
I try if I want to be makes impossible y will automatically decrease because constant minus x will be
minimum possible eight.
So there is like there's no need of saying especially that if data is trying to maximize x then through
is also trying to minimize by similarly zero, always trying to maximize y.
Then Jairo is also trying to minimize X.
There's no need of seeing it spatially.
What we can say is that both of them are trying to maximize their own scores.
Right?
So these are so convincing, these things that look me.
Right.
The thought is trying to maximize X by gyro is trying to.
Minimize X by because if gyro is trying to maximize right, that means automatically is trying to minimize
x.
As I've already given you this example of a constant value.
If she's trying to maximize it, by that means she's trying to minimize x she or he.
I don't know because these are Japanese name.
I think so forgive me for that.
But yes, if I was trying to maximize y that means that is trying to minimize x.
But from this conclusion and by using this statement, I have come and learned to do that.
He's trying to maximize X.
Well, just trying to minimize.
Now both of them are trying to do something on X.
Now there are no two variables about y ray and no two variables X and Y.
And now we have both the variables, physics, the theories, trying to maximize X injuries, trying
to minimize the x eight.
So now let's play this game with the statement saying that through whatever topics, let's consider
considered X and that is trying to maximize it.
Well, that is saying to minimize its state.
So basically our problem statement which said that paraphrase to maximize X minus Y and zero tries to
minimize the x minus way I reduce the to this problem statement iteration to maximize x and gyration
to minimize x eight.
Now let's make a deep, deep state.
So let's say deep.
Let's talk about indexes.
Okay.
This is the remaining at it.
And we all know that there will be a continuous or very wide because we have picking element from at
the front or from the end always that it will be a continuous a very on which the game can be played.
Let's say they be a two day and let's say who whomsoever is done.
It is like certain state.
So this is a normal strategy visit.
And that is that from the from the remaining area, which is from a 2G.
And the remaining elements which are left to be played on from this area.
Give maximum.
X scored.
But now what's the thing that we got that if it startles chance he's trying to maximize this but it's
zero chance he seems to minimize extended ended.
Hey so what happens now?
We have two dents playing year eight so if it is Taurus Johnson it's it's my Johnson I'm I have to pick
to element eight so let's see if I'm picking element.
Or I can pick e j element and it's not oceans.
Let me write it over here about Ocean's Eight.
So what happens, guys?
Let me say that if done is zero, then it is for.
And if anything goes to one.
Then it is zero.
Let's not worry about that.
So right now, let's just throw stones and Wynton is it goes to zero and this is the remaining area
Detroit's to borrow has two options either pick a or pick it.
Right.
So if the group picks up A, that means what is the remaining Eddie left?
Which is it?
Be a less one, two days left.
And what is that done?
It's the next place and which is dataset eight.
So this is the next ID and if he picks up AJ, that means I will be as it isn't, I will be reduced
to minus one and it will be the next place to eight he picks.
If he picks up eight, that means AA should be included in my x because what is the D returning?
The dip is in.
This is returning with a maximum value of.
X if it is first.
Right.
So basically.
Okay.
Let me give a little space here.
They brought a deep idea in turn means let me easily like comfortably write it first.
It means that if it is Tahitians.
If it is Tahitians, then he's maximizing eggs that return me.
Maximum.
Value of X.
If aeroplane made a device.
That means if done is one of the ways.
Return me.
Minimum.
Value.
Of x x do remember we are only talking about x not why not x minus why not explains why only eggs.
But it didn't meet the minimum value of eggs if.
It's De Rothschild.
So basically whosever chance it is, they're trying to perform their.
You know they're trying to have what they want eight at the maximizing so minimize X depending on the
chance.
Well, this is a normally B state.
Yeah.
So if it is Thoreau's genes, that means he's trying to maximize this X So it is A-plus either.
DP So what I would do, whatever the maximum X value is being returned eight or whatever the x value
is being returned from the next player to us from the remaining Eddie.
What it'll do is he has to simply added.
So of course guys in the next player's ton, which is Jairus, don't you try to minimize X rate, but
we don't have to worry about that.
Whatever he returns to me I want this to be makes impossible.
Otherwise, what's the second option?
In zipless whatever zero returns me any meaning really of sex.
Well so this was about Taurus chance and okay he picks up a.
And as from the remaining area, what is the x that can be formed?
And he'll simply add it ended on impact.
Otherwise if it is or it's a second video and he picks up it in us and done the things back to us.
Now these are let's talk about J2.
Right.
But what will talk to whatever he gets from both these elements?
From these values.
He'll simply take max of these values because he has started in the max impossible value of X.
But what will gyro do this?
If I have an additive meaning from AI to G, what will gyro try to do?
As already mentioned, gyro will try to minimize x and we found it outright is trying to minimize it.
So what happens?
Again.
Jairo can pick the day.
I can pick AJ toward the remaining area.
So we have the same state kind of.
That is DP A-plus one day and it will be 0 seconds.
There is not a chance.
Otherwise it will be db accommodate minus one and it will again be zero satisfied whatever the maximum
values of x.
I'm getting from both these values, whatever I'm getting c c by not adding E or adding this case because
it's dilutions.
And I'm only talking about the maximum value of X in my state.
I'm talking only about the maximum value of X over this dilutions.
Zero will not add A0 reading x because what does do we need to return?
Do we need to return only the x values that Tara has picked not zero has picked eight, but whatever
is the maximum value that.
I'm getting from A-plus Wendy or a comedy minus one so little.
I'm getting some value from this and some value from this.
So what should be the best for Jairo to do that?
I will try to minimize this value because that's what she's trying to do.
Right.
What will you do is she'll try to minimize whatever the two maximums that can be formed by that date
before the next stage that is off from a plus one to or from a to do minus one, whatever the remaining
is out of both these areas, Jairo is saying, okay, give me the maximum value.
Okay, Darvish, I try to form this maximum value or this maximum value, but what I'll do is I'll try
to minimize it.
How is you minimize the tricks out of the maximum that you've got from the remaining at is still there
to minimize you take the minimum and again, because that's the best path for her so that X is minimized.
The early data to try to minimize the new meaning.
But wait, so this was the normal thing about this problem?
Of course, guys, it can be a little tricky because new players are playing when once to do something
else.
It can once you do something else.
So let's call it.
And in the next tutorial we'll also.
Record this problem in a second we will try to make a different episode and solve it.
So I know it's kind of a brute force.
DP Basically.
So yeah.
Let's understand this.
Copy this, Mr. Dear.
This is the.
Let's write a brute force solution to a layer.
What we have is and is 2000.
Let's take a.
Two, three.
3000.
And.
Let's take an.
Also Dick and Eddie.
Think the input.
Good.
Not not a big issue till now.
So I've taken the input of taking this whole Eddie.
So.
What is the maximum exit I can get?
Let's write Max X.
There it is.
What do you mean?
It needs to return me.
It did give me.
What is the maximum x if initially thought of is starting the game.
So give me the max who makes full.
So what will be Max?
Vegas.
What will be a max VI or let's see if I've got this max x.
What will be the Max VI?
That is possible.
It will be.
The total sum of the area minus.
Mexico's fate today will be not, Max.
It will be the minimum by possible, because that's what he's trying to do and he's the first player
to play it.
So basically, minimum buy is what part of what I got from this dip, which is Mexico minus some minus.
Eight.
This is what we decided over here eight.
When I explored where I was constantly trying to maximize survival or dramatically reduce you.
So how to take.
So let's take the some of the area.
I think you should not have a problem with this.
What is Mexican mean?
That's what I was trying to do.
So that's what.
Attrition rate.
So what?
We'll finally print.
We have to print.
What we need to.
Let me check as we need to place we optimally find that the value of x minus way.
So it will be simple.
Nothing.
It's just x minus.
Good luck because right now we are starting from the first place.
So it's about first place point of view that what is the maximum x you can get if first place starting
it?
Cool.
So let's write some deep function which we have already declared defined, and we'll have the term value
here, which is good.
Okay.
Finally.
So what should be the answer that needs to be done to come?
You depends on done.
What is Taurus done that means to anything close to zero?
Because zero is for taro and gyro or gyro.
We have 183, just Tara's stones.
What happens is it's the answer.
Eight to answer is equal to a maximum of.
The things that we have declared.
There is every guarantee aa and ask for the remaining values of AI plus one to d.
Or he can take the jeered value and ask for the remaining values.
As for the maximum that is possible from the.
Other player when it starts to play at 8 to 10 will be equal to, okay, let's say one minus ten.
Why am I doing one minus ten?
Because if done in zero, then the next one will be one.
Otherwise, if done is one, then the next one will be zero.
Well.
So here I have the second option, which is from the remaining array, which is left from the remaining
game, which is clear.
Give me.
The next.
Give me the best possible gun.
And out of all what these values guys are talking it in the maximum possible answer.
Right.
So here lets me return the answer.
Well.
And what if it's DeRozan guys?
Oh, sorry.
What if it's DeRozan?
What will Jairo do if it's.
They're done.
His answer for her.
It will be simple.
Whatever the maximal use of X are possible from the remaining areas, whatever the answer is possible
for the remaining areas.
These are done the minimum of them because she wants to minimise x eight.
So he is trying to maximize x and here that is trying to minimize things.
I hope there's no problem with it because.
It's turned abandoned.
So here we are considering alien.
It is.
Here we are not.
Because that's not a part of.
Ex right now.
It's totally dependent on the standards that if I'm taking a State X, then it has to be calculated
on the basis of X, if I'm taking.
Right, of course.
Let's say it's a follow problem for you.
Let's take the state to be.
Why not x the return the maximum value of y.
If zero said if zero ended in the minimum value of Y.
If zero.
Right.
Solving this new problem that I've given you by considering y, you'll understand the difference.
Hey, what is the best case rate?
We have to have a base case.
If all is equal to zero, that means if there's only one particular area left, one particular value
left, then what?
I need to return this little rendered value.
Okay, so again, yeah, I in their value way because let's say it is dilutions then that the value
should not be returned because d b represents x not one zero.
Because it's not true.
Because what I can do is.
Okay, so let's make a bigger case.
Let's say if I use greater than do, that means I enjoy coming close.
That is empty.
That means I was after Z.
So if I use greater than the return.
Zero because there's nothing left and there's nothing to be a big fool.
Otherwise, what I can do is if you are getting confused with this base case, then we can simply say
this If I goes to jail and if it is, that is he goes to zero.
Let's say if done is zero, that means its Ocean's Eight completed.
Anything else?
I alluded.
That's another way of writing your advice, because whenever it's directions.
She can't.
Her contribution doesn't even include an x ray.
So you're going to do whatever what the Naval Academy commented.
And it's really.
It's what we got.
We got.
Then how did we get engaged?
Because.
In the Arabic 70, then the Arabic 1980, and then the Arabic.
And so let me give you this example.
It's a nice one, which is written 110 eight.
What happens is here we have ten.
Here we have ten.
So no matter what topics, Jairo will be considered eight.
So if zero 600, Toro has no option left to pick another ten.
And I will have to be in there.
Will have.
Hundred to the minimum experience by will be 80 -88.
Well, I think that there's no problem with it now.
It's down somewhere.
So I have found out what is it makes in value of eggs.
That is possible liver distortions.
And then I have taken the value of Y, which is partial, which will be called the sum minus maximum
of x and I'm printing x minus eight.
I'm printing it.
What the place optimally?
What is the value of X for?
So this is a brute force base that what each time we are trying to do what they want, knowledge and
music.
So let's memorize it.
And too late.
So here I was, 16 knew that this gun is not needed.
We don't need this.
Don't do in memorization part.
I'll.
I'll explain.
You're smart, buddy.
Let's see.
Memo.
I do.
Well, and maybe you will do it.
Well, normal memorization is not a big deal.
And initially.
What?
Yeah.
And what I have to do is.
If answer is not equal, do so.
We have to give some value to this mammal because we cannot give minus one now.
Why?
Because values can be negative two.
We cannot initially fill it with minus one as a default value and check rate.
And it's film a value which is which cannot be possible.
What I have is we have 3010 to the power name.
So the range goes from 3000 to above us, nine and minus of 2009.
So these many values are possible.
So let's take something very large, which is a 2018 pool.
So let me fill.
Yes, I saw this method of filling the deep values somewhere.
Let me use it once.
Cool.
Let's not use this.
So here, let me go over all the values of the memo and.
Fill them with something.
Which is.
Not possible.
Minus one.
We're doing all we can.
All to do it with money or without them will work.
Well, I'm filling it with a value, which is not possible.
So it's come back.
And if answer is not equal to 2018, then simply return.
Answer.
But otherwise answer will be either this or this.
Place.
Yeah.
I don't see any problem in this.
Let's build it.
Okay.
I'm getting -30 and it's summer.
This using this approach.
I hope you got this that biometric thing x as the DP returning where you raid my memory digging x because
I have generalized.
That from from x minus Y, I have generalized it, but what both data and gyro are trying to do on x
eight.
Cool.
I got an accepted answer.
197 music.
And it's it's good.
No problem at all.
Yes, I was saying that we don't I don't have to actually memorize using this two way, way.
I leave it up to you, but I'll just give you a small hint.
Just tell me.
In me if let's say the air is land distant, and so the remaining air is from 0 to 9 because I'm thinking
zero based indexing, that means I'm talking about this thing zero, two and minus one.
So initially, guys, it will be our oceans only rate.
Zero can not make a movie.
They cannot make a movie that is not necessary.
Right.
Because.
In this part zero nine.
It will always be zero.
It will never be vinyl.
Now, let's talk about 1129.
That means let's talk about the zeroth element.
Now the remaining it is one to name.
So it will it will always be gyro chance and not total chance.
At any point of time at one common name, Del Toro can never make a move because only one element has
been picked up.
It's kind of even our thing that if one element is or three elements aspect of five element big because
they're playing a relatively right number of elements and then it's dilutions.
And if even number of elements it's big 0246 and it is solutions.
What I can say is, okay, now you can derive it yourself, not a big deal.
So I thought of giving a tune, but I explained it.
No problem.
But we don't have to.
We don't need to memorize it on the basis of time.
But of course we need to past and we can also not past.
And by why we cannot paston we can simply.
Derived over a video.
How how can I derived in over a here by simply saying that if even number of elements are picked, that
means it startles chance.
Otherwise, if our number of elements are big, then it is dilution.
So you can also you can easily do that by taking it how much it is left.
What was the total eddy size?
That size minus how much is left are the number of elements which are picked where it is, when it is
not oceans.
Otherwise it's zero chance.
Good.
That's giving you a.
If an end in sight for this problem.
And then the next year the real we'll solve this problem again by using a different approach.
And I'll just move quickly on that because it should be it should become easy.
So thank you.
In the next part.